What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
Ans: Initializing a repository simply means to convert a simple windows directory to git directory. If we think about this conversion it 
just would be creating the the basic  git set up files in that repository. These setup files are required to handle the commands/operations
which we usually perform on git repo/directory.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?
Ans- Merging combines changes of 2 copies of a file in on final copy which can be used as a resultant.
It gives user a broad understanding at entire repository level


What are the pros and cons of Git's automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?
Ans-Automatic merge is not good:
	- There could be dependency in changes being done, auto merge would mess it up

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
Ans Working directory contains all files which you have changed after last checkout
	However staging area contains only those files which you will add through git add command for next commit
	As per my understanding next commit would only consider the files added to staging area. It would ignore other
	changes not added to staging area.

What value do you think it offers?
Ans No idea

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?
Ans No idea

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?
Ans- Branch is a copy of you current repository, which is made just to avoid any jumbelsale in you head repository. 
I mean to say while doing changes if there any messy things happens in your branch it atleast won't corrupt you core git repository. 
You can again checkout you repository to new branch.
Also it gives user additional layer to finally review verify the changes before committing to git repository.


How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?
Ans- Merging combines changes of 2 copies of a file in on final copy which can be used as a resultant.
It gives user a broad understanding at entire repository level

What are the pros and cons of Git's automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?
Ans-Automatic merge is not good:
	- There could be dependency in changes being done, auto merge would mess it up
	
How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?
Ans- 
Staging area & Working directory both initially contains the most recent commit which is done in repository.
Then user first adds his change to working directory, till this point staging area would contain the recent commit code not the working directory copy
Then user adds his change to staging area for commit
	At this point Working directory & staging area both would contain same source
Working directory contains all files which you have changed after last checkout
	However staging area contains only those files which you will add through git add command for next commit
	As per my understanding next commit would only consider the files added to staging area. It would ignore other
	changes not added to staging area.
Once user commits change it make working directory/Straging area/Repository all in sync
Compare working directory with Staging area- 
	User can run GIT DIFF without any parameter for this
Compare Staging are with repository-
	Use command git diff -staged (this will show all the differences in staging area and repository)

How to connect your local repository to git hub?

What is automatic and manual merging? How resolve conflict while merging 2 sources?

Working with remote repository
=============================
When would you want to create a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
    When collaborating with other users it's easier to share updates by using a remote repository. This way others can contribute, and get changes too.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
    Changes can cause conflicts. If you are in the process of creating a new feature, you don't want to solve those conflicts but finish your feature first.
    This way you can keep focus and decide when you want to get the latest versions and integrate changes.
    
Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
    A fork is a copy of a repository on GitHub. Use this when you want to make changes to a repository when you don't have access to the original repository.
    A clone is copy of a repository. This can be on the same machine, but it can also be a clone from a GitHub repository to your own machine. Use this for collaborating.
    Branches are leafs on the master branch. Those can be seen as a side track in which you can change code without changing the master branch. Use this for creating new features/bug fixes.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
    You can work offline, it saves a lot of data overhead when pushing changes to github and it gives the possibility to do a quick check which changes are made in the online repo compared to the offline repository.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
    Without Git or GitHub I have to sent files over via email/networkshare/dropbox etc. This will work but I'm loosing the history of changes. This makes it hard to combine the work of multiple people.
    The only thing I can think of that is easier without using Git is that you don't need to learn how Git works, and the other techniques are simpler.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?
    You want to make changes in a different branch so that the master branch always stays in a working state. By using a different branch, you can push your changes to GitHub for review by other people, without directly messing up the master branch.
    For small changes it is a lot quicker to make them directly in the master branch, but this comes with a risk.
